Strong communication and interpersonal skills to represent S&P as primary analyst in meetings and willing to travel, sometimes at short notice.
Solid competence in data mining, extraction and data processing.
Use different data analysis and visualization techniques (data mining, data exploration,…
Design clear and automated reports to democratize data access to data (sentiment/reputation/…) for the Company.
Ability with dashboarding systems is a plus.
Knowledge of databases in terms of data structure and relations;
5+ years of experience as technical or functional analyst in IT consulting or software…
You’ll work in teams of typically 3 – 5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement.
Ci prendiamo cura dei maggiori brand mondiali da oltre 80 anni attraverso diverse attività, dal merchandising alle vendite, dalla consumer activation al…
Passionate and knowledgeable about data analysis and critical thinking.
The IT Junior Business Analyst will be part of IT Commercial Planning team.
Analisi dati su basi dati relazionali e NoSQL;
Utilizzo di strumenti quali SQL, Qlik, Excel, Python, Power Platform;
Si offre stage di 6 mesi.
Promuove la razionalizzazione in azienda di tutti i processi di lavoro, a supporto delle linee di business, tramite la rilevazione delle esigenze di servizi…
Gradita conoscenza di Power BI e/o Looker Studio;
Buona conoscenza di SQL per interrogazione Database;
Comunicazione dei risultati delle analisi tramite report;
Strong Knowledge of data analysis.
The candidate will support the team in structuring, setting-up and launching  products as well as in the maintenance of…
In ottica di forte sviluppo strategico ed operativo siamo alla ricerca di un Data Analyst.
Lavorare a stretto contatto con business, Product Owners, Data…
In qualità di Process&Data Analyst Il Process&Data Analyst è un membro attivo del team Distribution & Logistics e si occuperà delle attività di analisti di dati…
Summarizing data for the production of tables, charts, and graphs;
Ability to understand market research results and use these results along with in-market data…
To make this happen, we’re looking for a brilliant, business-driven number-cruncher, savvy enough to run SQL queries and code their way around large amounts of…
